---

layout: page

permalink: /publications/

title: Miscellaneous

[//]: # (description: publications by categories in reversed chronological order. generated by jekyll-scholar.)

[//]: # (years: [2022, 2019])

nav: true

nav_order: 1

---

<!-- _pages/publications.md -->

[//]: # (<div class="publications">)
Here, I will be providing some reviews or thoughts on my favourite books, movies and musical symphonies

#### Selected Books
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/cons.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    
</div>
<div class="caption">
   The consolation of Philosophy.
</div>

This book has 2 major qualities that made it special to me. First of all it gives a general overview of history of philosphy from socrates to Nitcheh, in a story telling way rather than fact stating way.
which is useful for someone who is just starting reading philosiphy books. Second, it is different from other philosphy books because it tries to find a purpose for doing philosphy, tries to answer the question of why do we need to philosophize life and if that can have practical effect in human lives throughout history.

[//]: # (The Book of Disquiet)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (Man Search For Meaning)
#### Selected Movies/Series


<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/mybirf.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
   
</div>
<div class="caption">
  My Brilliant Friend - Series
</div>
This is a Drama italian series on HBO based on a novel. It is special to me because it is real. In discussing all human beings different sides the good and the bad the envy and the kindness.all is projected through the relationship between 2 friends 
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/platform.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/platform2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
 The Platform - Movie
</div>

This movie by Netflix is really different in every way. 
If you like controversial messages in movies then you will like this one. 
Behaviour of people in the presence of Social vs Capitalist system is one possible way to interpret this message.

#### Selected Musical symphonies 

Ode to Joy
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/odetojoy.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>

</div>

Ode to Joy
The famous 9th symphony by beethoven will never become cliché or boring for me, listening or playing it gives you joy literally. I love to listen to the [flash mob](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbJcQYVtZMo) version
[//]: # (</div>)
